Announce Medium Projects (#151)
flowforge/website: src/blog/2022/07/new-projecttype.md

---

> title: New Project Type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Introducing Medium Projects on FlowForge Cloud
```

subtitle: A bigger project with more resources
description: A bigger project with more resources
date: 2022-07-22 12:00:00.0
authors: ["sam-machin"]
---

> We've added a second size of project to our offering on FlowForge Cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've added a second size of project to FlowForge Cloud. A bigger project type with more resources available to it.
```

<!--more-->

> Our [0.7 release](https://flowforge.com/blog/2022/07/flowforge-07-released/) introduced the concept of Project Types, this allows us to offer projects at different price points based on the stack they are using.
> Today we've put this feature to work by introducing the medium sized project alongside the existing small size, you will be offered the choice of types when you create a new project.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our [0.7 release](https://flowforge.com/blog/2022/07/flowforge-07-released/) introduced the concept of Project Types. This allows platforms to provide different sizes of projects, varying the memory/cpu or features available within a given type.

Today we've put this feature to work on FlowForge Cloud by introducing the new **Medium Project** type.
```

![](../images/project-type.png)

> Medium projects have 3 times the resources of the small allowing for more complex flows and larger message objects, this will be useful to business users looking to process complex sets of data.
> Our Medium project is priced at $50 a month, we'll be adding additional new features to this project type in the coming months to further enhance the value of the higher tier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Medium projects have 3 times the resources of the existing Small type, allowing for more complex flows and larger message objects. This will be useful to business users looking to process complex sets of data.

Our Medium project is priced at $50 a month and we'll be adding new features to this project type in the coming months to further enhance the value of this new tier.
```

> Whilst upgrading the project type is not currently available we [plan](https://github.com/flowforge/flowforge/issues/595) to add this capability in a future release, however if you do have a small project you want to move to medium today you can do this using the Export Project feature in the settings tab to crate a new project on the Medium type and then delete your old small project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We don't currently support directly upgrading a project between types, but that is in the [plan for the future](https://github.com/flowforge/flowforge/issues/595). In the meantime, you can use the 'Export Project' feature on a project's settings tab to copy it over into a new Medium type project.
```
